.TH "keras_utils.keras_ssd_loss.SSDLoss" 3 "Sat Dec 15 2018" "Version 1.00" "dl-DetectionSuite" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
keras_utils.keras_ssd_loss.SSDLoss
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP (self, \fBneg_pos_ratio\fP=3, \fBn_neg_min\fP=0, \fBalpha\fP=1\&.0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsmooth_L1_loss\fP (self, y_true, y_pred)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBlog_loss\fP (self, y_true, y_pred)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBcompute_loss\fP (self, y_true, y_pred)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBneg_pos_ratio\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBn_neg_min\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBalpha\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
The SSD loss, see https://arxiv.org/abs/1512.02325.

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def keras_utils\&.keras_ssd_loss\&.SSDLoss\&.__init__ ( self,  neg_pos_ratio = \fC3\fP,  n_neg_min = \fC0\fP,  alpha = \fC1\&.0\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Arguments:
    neg_pos_ratio (int, optional): The maximum ratio of negative (i.e. background)
to positive ground truth boxes to include in the loss computation.
There are no actual background ground truth boxes of course, but `y_true`
contains anchor boxes labeled with the background class. Since
the number of background boxes in `y_true` will usually exceed
the number of positive boxes by far, it is necessary to balance
their influence on the loss. Defaults to 3 following the paper.
    n_neg_min (int, optional): The minimum number of negative ground truth boxes to
enter the loss computation *per batch*. This argument can be used to make
sure that the model learns from a minimum number of negatives in batches
in which there are very few, or even none at all, positive ground truth
boxes. It defaults to 0 and if used, it should be set to a value that
stands in reasonable proportion to the batch size used for training.
    alpha (float, optional): A factor to weight the localization loss in the
computation of the total loss. Defaults to 1.0 following the paper.

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def keras_utils\&.keras_ssd_loss\&.SSDLoss\&.compute_loss ( self,  y_true,  y_pred)"

.PP
.nf
Compute the loss of the SSD model prediction against the ground truth.

Arguments:
    y_true (array): A Numpy array of shape `(batch_size, #boxes, #classes + 12)`,
where `#boxes` is the total number of boxes that the model predicts
per image. Be careful to make sure that the index of each given
box in `y_true` is the same as the index for the corresponding
box in `y_pred`. The last axis must have length `#classes + 12` and contain
`[classes one-hot encoded, 4 ground truth box coordinate offsets, 8 arbitrary entries]`
in this order, including the background class. The last eight entries of the
last axis are not used by this function and therefore their contents are
irrelevant, they only exist so that `y_true` has the same shape as `y_pred`,
where the last four entries of the last axis contain the anchor box
coordinates, which are needed during inference. Important: Boxes that
you want the cost function to ignore need to have a one-hot
class vector of all zeros.
    y_pred (Keras tensor): The model prediction. The shape is identical
to that of `y_true`, i.e. `(batch_size, #boxes, #classes + 12)`.
The last axis must contain entries in the format
`[classes one-hot encoded, 4 predicted box coordinate offsets, 8 arbitrary entries]`.

Returns:
    A scalar, the total multitask loss for classification and localization.

.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def keras_utils\&.keras_ssd_loss\&.SSDLoss\&.log_loss ( self,  y_true,  y_pred)"

.PP
.nf
Compute the softmax log loss.

Arguments:
    y_true (nD tensor): A TensorFlow tensor of any shape containing the ground truth data.
In this context, the expected tensor has shape (batch_size, #boxes, #classes)
and contains the ground truth bounding box categories.
    y_pred (nD tensor): A TensorFlow tensor of identical structure to `y_true` containing
the predicted data, in this context the predicted bounding box categories.

Returns:
    The softmax log loss, a nD-1 Tensorflow tensor. In this context a 2D tensor
    of shape (batch, n_boxes_total).

.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def keras_utils\&.keras_ssd_loss\&.SSDLoss\&.smooth_L1_loss ( self,  y_true,  y_pred)"

.PP
.nf
Compute smooth L1 loss, see references.

Arguments:
    y_true (nD tensor): A TensorFlow tensor of any shape containing the ground truth data.
In this context, the expected tensor has shape `(batch_size, #boxes, 4)` and
contains the ground truth bounding box coordinates, where the last dimension
contains `(xmin, xmax, ymin, ymax)`.
    y_pred (nD tensor): A TensorFlow tensor of identical structure to `y_true` containing
the predicted data, in this context the predicted bounding box coordinates.

Returns:
    The smooth L1 loss, a nD-1 Tensorflow tensor. In this context a 2D tensor
    of shape (batch, n_boxes_total).

References:
    https://arxiv.org/abs/1504.08083

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "keras_utils\&.keras_ssd_loss\&.SSDLoss\&.alpha"

.SS "keras_utils\&.keras_ssd_loss\&.SSDLoss\&.n_neg_min"

.SS "keras_utils\&.keras_ssd_loss\&.SSDLoss\&.neg_pos_ratio"


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for dl-DetectionSuite from the source code\&.
